[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to this edition
of "Beyond Belief."
George Noory with you.
We've got the real Fox Mulder
from the "X-Files" with us.
His name is John DeSouza.
John is a former
FBI agent who has
gotten involved in some of
the strangest paranormal
investigations you
will ever imagine.
And we're going to be talking
about that on the program
today.
John, it's always
good to see you.
>>JOHN DESOUZA:
Thank you, George.
It's great to be
here with you today.
>>NOORY: I bet you were
one heck of an FBI agent.
>>DESOUZA: Well, I don't
know about that but, yes,
I was involved in a lot
of high-level cases--
terrorism cases and
paranormal cases as well.
>>NOORY: What got
you involved in that?
Why did you become an FBI agent?
>>DESOUZA: I became
an FBI agent because
of my paranormal experiences
before I even joined the FBI.
When I was a kid, I had several
experiences of contact--
observation experiences
with UFOs and other things
of that nature.
And that awoke in me a
desire to really go further
into becoming a professional
investigator to find out
about these things.
>>NOORY: Did you
think as an FBI agent
you were going to be able to
uncover these kinds of stories?
>>DESOUZA: I really did.
And I once I got
there, I found out
that there was a
lot of work being
done on paranormal
themes, on UFOs,
on many areas of the
paranormal, supernatural
that we don't know about today.
>>NOORY: Did you stumble
across the real X-Files?
>>DESOUZA: I feel like I did.
And a lot of those
cases are actually
available for people to look at
today at vault.fbi.gov, where
there's a giant tab that
says Unexplained Phenomenon.
And people can go look at the
cases that over the last 60,
70 years have been declassified
and are available for anyone
to look at.
>>NOORY: Well, it's interesting.
My career took the
same kind of path
as yours, where when
I was a young kid.
I wanted to investigate
all these weird stories
and paranormal mysteries.
And I figured the best way to
do that was to be not an FBI
agent, but a broadcaster.
So I went in this field as well.
Now, you're no
longer an FBI agent,
but you're still
investigating the paranormal.
Why didn't you give that up?
>>DESOUZA: Because when
I left the FBI in 2013,
I knew that I wanted to keep
investigating areas that needed
investigation-- because
they had so much deception
and cover in them.
And I looked around at politics,
economics, other areas.
But the paranormal
apparently has so much
deception and cover that
is involved with this area,
that I just thought
this is where they need
an investigator to
penetrate these truths,
to pierce this veil
and to get to what's
really going on underneath.
Because it's used.
It's used against us
to make us believe
that we're actually living
in a world that isn't real.
The real stuff is
just beyond this veil
that has been put
over us, so that we
don't see the truth of
what's really going on.
>>NOORY: What did your
colleagues in the FBI
think of these
interests that you had?
>>DESOUZA: Well,
a lot of them were
the source of ridicule for me.
>>NOORY: That's what I thought.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah,
some of them did.
But like I always say, I
was ridiculed in public.
But I was consulted in private,
because a lot of FBI agents
and other people
throughout law enforcement
always had their own issues--
paranormal issues and cases,
even that they were interested
in, that they wanted to
know the truth about.
>>NOORY: Was it one of
the reasons you got out
of the FBI--
was the ridicule too much?
>>DESOUZA: No, not at all.
I had done 25 years
as an FBI agent--
special agent working
all these cases
and working all these things.
And I had done as much as
I could within that system.
>>NOORY: There is an incredible
controversy-- surrounded
a little 6-inch mummy.
We call it the Atacama mummy.
Steven Greer, of course, has
been spearheading the drive
to get the world to realize
this thing's the real deal.
Let's take a look.
>>STEVEN GREER: This came to
us in the last couple of years.
And there is a man who runs an
institute in another country
that I cannot talk about.
But he came into possession
of a little creature.
It is humanoid.
It does not look human.
>> We have acquired an EBE,
an extraterrestrial biological
entity.
We're flying over to Europe
soon to take a tissue sample
and do some DNA testing.
>>GREER: This was found
in the Atacama Desert.
We don't know how it came about.
Here's a great view of the face
and cheek bone-- very complex.
Now, there is a fracture here.
And behind this right
ear is caved in.
And that's how this
ET being was killed.
>> We have the best scientists
in the US from Stanford that
are going to be doing
the testing itself,
to see what this really is and
also to rule out what it's not.
>>NOORY: John, what do we know
about this little 6-inch thing?
>>DESOUZA: There's a lot
of things we know, George.
This thing-- I would never say
that this is an alien creature.
But what I am
saying about this is
that you have to go
from the presumption
that it's not human.
>>NOORY: Aha.
>>DESOUZA: That's what
we have to look at here.
>>NOORY: Could be
a baby of some--
>>DESOUZA: Of some
sort of thing.
Of some sort.
Well, actually,
it can't really--
it cannot be a fetus.
This is one of the preliminary
findings that were done--
>>NOORY: It's so small.
>>DESOUZA: --by Stanford.
Exactly.
It is.
And how do you
explain that if you're
trying to stay within the
paradigm of mainstream reality?
You have to say, well,
it could be a fetus.
That's the only way.
But, no, this thing is
apparently a different species.
And the preliminary findings
at Stanford University
found that to be the case.
As a matter of fact, they're
in this documentary series
that we have here at
Gaia, and it's on record.
Garry P. Nolan, the director of
Stanford University Department
of Genetics.
He is on record in
that documentary
that we just saw, saying
all the preliminary findings
that the preliminary
genetic testing found.
And they were that this thing
appears to not be human,
yet it is humanoid.
Humanoid just means
two arms, two legs.
>>NOORY: Did he kind of
attract, though, after the fact?
>>DESOUZA: Well, no.
Because he actually did all of
the genetic testing honestly.
Everything was done correctly.
Everything was consistent.
>>NOORY: All above board.
>>DESOUZA: Above board.
But this thing has about a
dozen extreme anomalies that
differentiate it from human.
The cranium is three times
the size of a human cranium.
The eye sockets
are the eye sockets
that are the wrap around,
sort of the thing--
>>NOORY: Like those alien Grays.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, that we
associate with alien Grays.
But again, I'm not saying
this thing is an alien.
But I'm saying
presumptively, oh, you just
have to look at it.
It does not appear to be human.
That's what I'm saying.
>>NOORY: John, this planet has
had mythology forever about
little people--
leprechauns, fairies.
Might this creature
fit that category?
>>DESOUZA: It could.
In South America where a
lot of my family is from,
we had what we call the duendes.
That is a word that means
little people, little creatures.
And they could be anywhere
from 6 inches to a foot tall.
And they would appear
sometimes at night
whenever there was a moon out.
And they would scurry
around, and you'd see them.
And that's something that's
common in the Spanish-speaking
countries.
And other places have the
myths of the little people.
>>NOORY: Indigenous
to this planet, right?
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
>>NOORY: So not from some
other planetary system.
They're earthbound.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
That's why I believe the Atacama
Desert alien mummy is not
an issue of alien visitors.
It is an issue of
something else that
could be living on the earth.
It could belong to the
earth even more than we do.
That's what we're looking
at here, especially
since from the Atacama Desert.
We actually have reports
from the ground--
testimony, police reports that
these things have been spotted,
seen, recorded.
>>NOORY: To this day?
>>DESOUZA: To this day
are very much alive
and kicking, above
the ground at night,
sometimes whenever there's a
moon out in the Atacama Desert.
>>NOORY: Well, this
skeleton is about how old?
>>DESOUZA: The preliminary
tests all showed,
and they're on record.
Stanford University is on record
saying that it is obviously
not a fetus.
Because if you
look at the bones--
and we have several pictures
of the radiology that was done.
You can see the
thickness of the bones.
The skull is fused.
The joints are fused.
This thing was alive for
at least eight years.
>>NOORY: But they're very, very
old in terms of carbon dating.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
It has been around
for a long, long time.
>>NOORY: What drives
Dr. Steven Greer?
He's been into this
field for a long time.
I will remember that he tried
to get the Disclosure Project
underway in 2001--
happened during 9/11.
So that got pushed
to the wayside.
He hasn't given up yet.
He's a former emergency
medical doctor
who has left his
practice to concentrate
full time on investigating
extraterrestrials and this.
What drives him, John?
>>DESOUZA: What drives him is
the same thing that drives me,
which is that he is
a true investigator
person who is trying to get
to the truth on these issues.
And in this case with
the Atacama mummy,
the small mistake
that he made was
after he had done all the
preliminary investigation, even
the preliminary
testing, because he has
the genetics on this creature--
the small mistake that he makes
is because he's a scientist,
he trusted mainstream
authorities,
mainstream scientists.
And that was the
mistake that he made.
Because they did all the
preliminary testing--
is correct.
They did all the main
testing, genetic testing
that took years.
They did that correctly, too.
But then at the end,
just a couple of months
ago, they came up with what we
call in the law a whole cloth
conclusion.
A conclusion that
came out of nowhere.
It's not based on any of the
science, any of the testing--
based on nothing.
>>NOORY: And the conclusion
was contrary to whatever
done before.
>>DESOUZA: To everything.
Everything that had
been done before.
The conclusion was it's human.
It's a human fetus, a
girl human fetus deformed.
Yes.
When that had been against
all the preliminary testing
that they'd done, against
the actual testing
that had been done during
a long period of time.
It was a whole cloth conclusion
they just threw in there.
And it had nothing
to do with science.
>>NOORY: So they admit
the creature was once
something possibly alive,
or in the fetus's case
it was alive, until it died in
the womb if that's the case.
>>DESOUZA: Well, that's
what the conclusion is.
Yeah.
But if you look at the
skeleton, it's obviously--
and all you need is a high
school biology understanding.
>>NOORY: Why would a cranial
skull be that enlarged
in something that was--
>>DESOUZA: So small.
>>NOORY: So small.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, it wouldn't be.
And that was actually one
of the preliminary findings.
The preliminary findings.
And again, the final conclusion
cannot be radically different
from the preliminary,
because there is a subset,
unless your defective machinery
was used in the preliminary
testing.
And in the preliminary
testing, Dr. Garry Nolan
said that the thing was a male.
That it was definitely
not a fetus of any kind.
And that it had
been bearing weight
for at least eight years,
because the thickness
of the bones.
You can tell just from looking
at the thickness of the bones.
So suddenly, this conclusion
came out just a couple
of months ago-- was fed out
to all the mainstream media
outlets and just said, oh,
it's just a human fetus--
a female human fetus.
>>NOORY: But they admit
it was biological?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, yes.
Oh, yeah.
You can see that
even on the X-rays
that it was a biological entity.
It was integral.
It was whole.
And it was something that
was out and walking around
for a long time.
Yeah, absolutely.
>>NOORY: What is your best
guess about this little mummy?
I mean, I've seen
pictures of it, John.
It's weird.
It's bizarre.
I thought maybe it could be a
little deformed fetus as well.
But it's very strange.
>>DESOUZA: It could be a
deformed fetus if according
to science--
if you had other examples
that you could bring forth
to say, oh, here's a similar
mutation that was human.
Here it is.
Here's another example.
And that's what science is.
It's showing results--
reproducible results
that you can now
then compare and say,
OK, this could be human, but
that's not what was done here.
What was done here was
a whole cloth conclusion
that they just came up
with out of nowhere,
based on no science that it
was a deformed human fetus.
That's not what science means.
That's not what science is.
This thing has to be presumed
to be a non-human species.
This is a huge scandal.
Because we have now seen
behind the curtain--
what the man behind
the curtain has
been doing to keep us from
exposing new non-human species
on the earth.
>>NOORY: Why are
they holding back?
>>DESOUZA: The reason
they are holding back
is because they have grants.
These scientists have grants.
They have tenure at
Stanford University.
They have endowments that amount
to maybe a billion dollars
that come to the university.
They have labs that have
licensing requirements
every year.
And they're not going to lose
all that just because Steven
Greer or myself want to find
a new non-human species.
They're just not
going to do that.
>>NOORY: Amazing.
You think we'll ever get
this answer to this creature?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, we will when
true investigators and people
like Gaia TV and
Dr. Steven Greer--
get your own laboratories.
You have to own the laboratories
to give the true results.
>>NOORY: Yeah, but
then you're skewed.
Because then people
accuse you of being
an insider, and that they would
prefer that an outside firm
would do that.
>>DESOUZA: That's true.
But what if all
the outside firms
are under the same control
of the same elite powers
in control, that are
always going to give--
>>NOORY: Got to find an
independent one somehow.
>>DESOUZA: Yes, but no one
is independent in mainstream
science from scientific
authorities and the people
that they answer to.
>>NOORY: In this
particular case,
it's very possible that it
was an earthbound creature
or an extraterrestrial.
You can't rule that
out either, can you?
>>DESOUZA: Right.
But right now what
we're looking at
is creatures that look like
they probably belong to earth.
And that's where
we have to go from.
>>NOORY: Which is
still exciting.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
>>NOORY: It's still exciting.
Back in 1996, a
space shuttle mission
was conducting some experiments.
And they were using a long
tether that broke off.
And let's talk about
that because that
has a lot to do with this.
See, so what we're looking at--
after the tether broke off is
like, what are these things?
>>DESOUZA: Suddenly,
dozens and then hundreds
of these perfectly
formed disks just
started appearing
from everywhere.
>>NOORY: Do we know
how big those dots are?
>>DESOUZA: We can
only do by comparison,
that we know the tether
itself is 12 miles long.
>>NOORY: 12 miles long?
>>DESOUZA: So it's
sticking straight.
And there's one of those giant--
that thing has to be at
least a mile across--
the one you're seeing right now.
>>NOORY: Clearly,
there's something, right?
>>DESOUZA: They exhibit
the same patterns.
This happened in 1996.
And this experiment--
there it is.
And look at the pulse
it's giving off.
That pulse is an energy scan.
It's because it's
scanning the area.
Because the pulse is not
coming from the back.
It's coming from the front.
>>NOORY: It looks biological.
>>DESOUZA: And yes, it does.
And I also believe these
UFOs are alive themselves.
>>NOORY: What did they conclude?
What this flight-- about?
>>DESOUZA: Oh,
well, at the time,
NASA was able to
just stammer out.
Look at their
perfectly shaped disc.
They all have the donut
hole and the little shark
bite on the outside.
And I have a theory
about that shark bite--
is simply a Plexiglas
window-like area
that allows people to
look inside and see
whatever they want you to see.
>>NOORY: Do you think this
is biological or some kind
of machinery?
>>DESOUZA: I myself believe
that true UFOs are actually
biological, that they
are conscious beings.
That they are alive themselves.
>>NOORY: It looks like
a cell, doesn't it?
A large cell.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
And this thing at the time--
all they could stammer out
was ice particles and debris.
That's all that NASA
was able to say.
>>NOORY: That was weird.
>>DESOUZA: And then they
took down the public server
that this was on.
And NASA never again
used a public server
to expose their satellite
filming at the time,
and so that this
wouldn't happen again.
>>NOORY: When John Glenn
was the first American
to orbit the planet,
he reported seeing
these twinkly little
objects everywhere
around the spaceship.
They concluded
that it could have
been debris from the spaceship,
or something that was cast out,
or something like that.
But it was very similar
to what we just saw here.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
Because it appears
that whenever you
have things going on out
in outer space, especially
this tether giving off both
electricity and magnetic energy
at the same time, it seems like
it acted as a distress beacon.
Because these things
appeared from everywhere.
You're talking about almost a
hundred or more of these things
that all showed up and
to investigate what
was going with this tether.
And I believe the
same thing happened
with John Glenn in the incident
that you're talking about.
They're just trying to
find out what's going on.
Because NASA does not
control the outer atmosphere
of the Earth.
It is these things that
control the outer atmosphere.
And they want to know what's
going on whenever something out
of the ordinary is
happening, like the tether
or like John Glenn in the ISS.
>>NOORY: John, of
everything you've seen--
we've just illustrated
this was real,
whatever it might have been.
What's your gut tell you?
>>DESOUZA: My gut
tells me that this
is exactly what a person's
common sense and their own five
senses tell them, that these are
supernatural, non-terrestrial
vehicles that appeared to
find out what was going on.
>>NOORY: They saw
the space shuttle.
They were curious.
They show up.
>>DESOUZA: And they need to
find out what's happening.
>>NOORY: And these craft
could have been how big?
>>DESOUZA: Some
of them could have
been-- look like they were a
mile or two across in diameter.
>>NOORY: Those what we just
witnessed were a mile long?
>>DESOUZA: Yes,
some of them were.
>>NOORY: My gosh.
>>DESOUZA: They were all sizes.
But some of them were
tremendous in size.
>>NOORY: We don't have
any basis to compare.
To me, they looked
like little tiny dots.
>>DESOUZA: A lot of
them-- some of them were.
But since we're comparing
with a 12-mile long tether,
we can see that some of them
were a mile or two across.
>>NOORY: Did NASA ever
investigate these publicly?
>>DESOUZA: No, no,
they would not do that.
>>NOORY: What about privately?
>>DESOUZA: Perhaps.
No, I doubt it.
Because NASA-- these things--
they just want these
things to go away.
They don't want to
talk about them.
address them, except
to say ice particles and debris.
And that's all that they say.
>>NOORY: That's a
great, easy excuse.
>>DESOUZA: Yes, exactly.
>>NOORY: Privately, what do you
think they're saying at NASA?
What do you think they were
saying when they saw those?
>>DESOUZA: I think
they're privately--
I'm quite certain that
what they said was let's
change the server that
displays these things so
that these things don't
get exposed again.
And so that people don't make
up stories about these things.
That's what they're saying.
>>NOORY: Edgar Mitchell,
the Apollo 14 astronaut,
had he still been alive
would have looked at that
and went, UFOs.
Something like that.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah,
it's common sense.
And I think that's what
you really need when you're
dealing with these things.
And you don't need
to be deferring
to mainstream authorities
that are really
not doing anything to expose
truth on these issues.
>>NOORY: Does it
look like these were
under any intelligent control?
>>DESOUZA: Absolutely.
Some of these vehicles as you
see them going by the tether--
they actually slow down so that
they can better scan what's
happening with the tether.
And then they speed up again.
So they are being
intelligently controlled.
>>NOORY: Do we know
what the astronauts
were saying about this?
>>DESOUZA: I believe
that the astronauts
were saying that this
looks like an unknown UFO.
All of these things.
And the question is, where
are they coming from?
Are they up there all the time?
Are they cloaked?
Are they interdimensionally
appearing
from another dimension coming
into our physical space?
And if so, does that mean that
they're up there all the time?
>>NOORY: Have we heard
any transmissions
from the shuttle astronauts
at the time about this?
>>DESOUZA: I don't
believe that we did.
However, I always-- all
the cases that I bring out
are cases that I know were
the subject of chatter
between the intelligence
agencies, even
of different friendly
countries to the United States.
Because I worked in the
national security structure
during all that time,
I was privy to chatter.
And the nature of
the chatter was, what
are we going to do about this?
How are we going to keep
this from getting out
among the public?
That's the sort
of thing I heard.
>>NOORY: Is this
something that people
should be scared about
or enlightened about?
>>DESOUZA: I think some
people may be scared,
but they shouldn't be.
This is something that--
anything that brings out
truth is always a good thing.
Because we need to know
about these things,
and we need to know about
the alien visitors that
are beneficial towards us,
that are friendly towards us.
And these, for
instance-- and you
have to judge that
by their deeds.
And these particular
UFOs that we
see here are-- all
they're trying to do
is find out information.
That's all they're trying to do.
They're trying to find
out what's happening.
And so they don't appear to
have any malevolent purpose
or anything negative towards us.
>>NOORY: How would you
categorize this case
with things that
you've looked at?
>>DESOUZA: I would
categorize this as one
of the top cases of genuine,
supernatural incident that
occurred that has been
successfully buried
by mainstream authorities.
>>NOORY: I mean, I never
heard of this before.
How did you come upon it?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, this is a case
that, again, when it happened,
it was the subject of chatter
between the intelligence
agencies of different countries
where they were saying,
we need to do
something about this.
We need to make sure that
this doesn't get out.
And that's how I heard about it.
>>NOORY: Did the astronauts
at the time, John,
feel that they were
jeopardized, or their safety
was compromised, or anything
like that with this sighting?
>>DESOUZA: I think what
the astronauts would say--
well, most of them would
be of the nature of,
here's another
thing that we're not
going to be able to talk about.
Here's another
thing that we have
to keep quiet that we're not
supposed to say anything about.
Because anything that they
would say would be common sense.
It would be common
sense reality.
And so that is very
frowned upon at NASA.
>>NOORY: Well, what boggles my
mind is the fact that the size
of these objects--
again, very difficult
to ascertain when
you're just looking
at the video.
But when you tell me they
could be a mile long each,
that's dramatic as all get up.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, it appears
that some of these things--
>>NOORY: That's not
an nice particle.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, that's what
we categorize in ufology
as mother ships, the ones
that are a mile or two across
in diameter.
And so there were several
of these mother ships
that appeared during
this incident.
But there were also many tiny
ships, tiny disks that also--
>>NOORY: And what is
a tiny disk to you?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, to me that's
like 100 feet in diameter.
>>NOORY: That's tiny?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's an amazing story.
And there are many
amazing cases out there.
And we will talk about a few
more of them with you here.
But in this particular case,
what do you think the shuttle
astronauts said
when they came back?
Do you think this bothered them?
>>DESOUZA: Well, I
mean, unless you're
talking about like a
renegade like Edgar Mitchell
or someone like
that, they're all
going to say ice
particles and debris.
That's what I'm thinking.
>>NOORY: And back off the truth.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Will we
ever get the truth?
>>DESOUZA: I think
we're getting it now.
We just have to have the
courage to look at it,
and keep our common
sense, and believe
what our eyes are telling us,
and say, I know what I saw.
>>NOORY: It's an amazing
story that as you said,
was kind of brushed
under the table.
And unless we continue to
talk about things like this,
nobody is ever going
to know about it.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
And that's why we need to keep
pushing these things forward,
so that real disclosure
can be continued.
>>NOORY: Can you
continue to investigate
these kinds of older cases?
Is there information out there
that you can still dig up?
>>DESOUZA: Absolutely.
There's always new information
about things that are true,
things that are real.
There's always new things
to be found out about those.
>>NOORY: As an
investigator, how would you
start checking into that again?
>>DESOUZA: The only way is
to go to eyewitness testimony
of people who were there--
>>NOORY: The astronauts?
>>DESOUZA: --at the time.
Yeah, absolutely-- to
talk to the astronauts,
to investigate, to interview,
and maybe even interrogate
the people who were
on the ground who
were around at that time, like
some of the analysts as well.
>>NOORY: It must have been
a golly gee moment for them.
>>DESOUZA: Absolutely.
It was a golly gee moment,
because it's really a giant--
it's actually a giant
headache for them.
Because they're just
looking at it and thinking,
oh, here's another thing
we have to cover up.
>>NOORY: 2008-- there was a
sighting in Turkey of a UFO.
But witnesses saw something
else beyond just the UFO, John.
I want you to comment on
this video as we look at it.
>>DESOUZA: This is in
Turkey off the shore.
>>NOORY: What is it?
What are we looking at?
>>DESOUZA: This is a
UFO that was filmed
with a high-speed camera.
And it was-- and speaking of the
little shark bite that we saw
on the other vehicles--
>>NOORY: Whoa, look at that.
>>DESOUZA: --this
particular video
shows a UFO that has that
little Plexiglas section.
It's called the Turkey
UFO, but it's also
called the observed occupants,
the visible occupants UFO.
>>NOORY: I mean, clearly
that's not a plane, clearly.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
And the film has
been authenticated
by the scientific boards
of the country of Turkey.
And it is the first
incident where
we have been able to look in
through that Plexiglas section
and see inside these--
it looks like two
gray creatures.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>DESOUZA: In through
the Plexiglas section.
>>NOORY: Inside that object?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, it'll come
up here in just a second.
And you'll be able to see
through that Plexiglas shark
bite on the outer
disc of this thing
to see what was inside of this.
That's why this UFO
is known as the--
it's known as the
Turkey UFO in 2008
and also known as the
visible occupants UFO.
>>NOORY: Oh, is that the moon?
>>DESOUZA: We're
coming up on it.
Yes.
Now, you'll see the section
here in the UFO, George, where
you can actually see inside.
That's the shark bite.
>>NOORY: Oh, I
see what you mean.
>>DESOUZA: That's the shark
bite that I'm talking about.
>>NOORY: Why do you
call it a shark bite?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, because it's
just a name for that little gap,
that see-through gap in the
discs that is seen during--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH].
>>NOORY: You would understand
whatever that means.
>>DESOUZA: Oh,
here's the close up
stills of the visible objects.
>>NOORY: Those are heads--
those little-- in
fact, two ET heads.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, the
visible occupants
through that little shark bite
on the outside of the disc.
And that's where they are.
And that's the two of them.
>>NOORY: Again, this
was 2008, right?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
However, it happened
three times--
in 2007, 2008, and 2009.
>>NOORY: The same object?
>>DESOUZA: The same
object on the same beach
observed with the same
high-speed camera.
>>NOORY: Who videotaped
it or taped it?
>>DESOUZA: It was a couple of
security guards on the beach
who were experimenting with
this high-speed camera--
distance camera.
>>NOORY: Did they see the
occupants at the time?
>>DESOUZA: Not at the time.
>>NOORY: You
couldn't blow it up?
>>DESOUZA: Right.
And then they saw the occupants.
And the country of
Turkey is different.
Apparently, they
didn't get the memo
from the elite powers in control
that every other country got,
that says you have to cover
up anything to do with UFOs.
>>NOORY: Right.
Don't tell anybody
about anything, right?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
Well, Turkey didn't
get the memo.
Because all their scientific
boards authenticated this film
as being genuine and real.
And the newspapers wrote
that these were actual UFOs.
They all reported this as being
real, true, alien visitors
in a real, non-terrestrial UFO.
>>NOORY: I mean, clearly,
John, that wasn't a plane.
I mean-- and I've seen
a lot of plane videos.
Those weren't planes.
I don't know what they were,
but they were surely different
than anything I've ever seen.
>>DESOUZA: Right.
Plus, they had-- to see
the entire video, which
is available on my YouTube
channel and other places.
You see the entire video.
The thing does have
maneuvers that is not--
it's not terrestrial.
It's not human technology.
The thing-- it
suddenly disappears out
into the atmosphere
in a millisecond.
I mean, it just goes.
>>NOORY: And it was gone?
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
Completely gone.
So we just don't have
the capacity to do that.
So that's one of the
physical things that tells us
it's a non-terrestrial.
>>NOORY: How would
you rate this UFO case
with some of the others
that we've talked about?
>>DESOUZA: I would
rate it at 10.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
>>NOORY: That's high.
>>DESOUZA: Because it
shows something innovative.
It shows the visible occupants.
That's why it's known as the
visible occupants UFO as well.
And it's something that's
never been seen before
and has been authenticated
by the actual government
of Turkey.
And to this day, Turkey--
for some reason, the government
of Turkey considers UFOs--
alien visitors real,
true, authentic topic.
>>NOORY: Was it because
of cases like this?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, I think this
case was the beginning of that.
And for some reason, they didn't
bow to pressure from outside.
And they actually
put this forward
as being what it is, a real
UFO and real alien visitors.
>>NOORY: If it
were hoaxed, let's
say by another country that
wanted to confuse other people,
could they do that?
>>DESOUZA: Sure, they could try.
But that's why
this was subjected
to forensic examination by
very, very capable scientists
in Turkey and was also
examined by the great Dr. Roger
Leir who passed away.
>>NOORY: Yes, he
was one of the best.
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
And he actually examined
this very carefully
and brought this
film to this country
and publicized it
first in this country.
>>NOORY: This is the case
that he was convinced
was legitimately real.
>>DESOUZA: Absolutely.
And he did the examinations
to prove it, also.
So that's why this case
is one of the top cases
that we need to bring forward
now under this new paradigm,
to show the example of
things that were genuine,
authentic, and were buried
by mainstream authorities.
>>NOORY: These ETs or whatever
they may be in the craft--
do you think they're robotics?
>>DESOUZA: I don't
know what they are.
I mean, again, I'm not certain
if they're even alien visitors,
but they are something.
And, yeah, they could be
anything going from robotics
to a hologram.
I don't know.
What I do know is that
whatever made that craft wanted
us to see what was inside.
>>NOORY: They weren't
hiding this time, were they?
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
They wanted us to look through
that Plexiglas section.
I mean, I'm saying Plexiglas.
It could be anything--
>>NOORY: It's not Plexiglas.
>>DESOUZA: --transparent.
Something transparent,
that little shark bite.
Because why would you
have that in a vehicle?
Why do you need it?
They're not driving
the thing like we drive
to look where you're going.
So it's like, why
do you need that?
It's because they
want us to see.
>>NOORY: And did
I see what I saw?
Two heads, basically?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, exactly.
>>NOORY: You saw that, too?
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
And there is more film
that actually shows
one of them moving slightly--
moving from side to side.
>>NOORY: 2008?
Poof, it was gone?
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
>>NOORY: Anything ever repeat?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, it repeated.
This actually happened
first time in 2007,
then again in 2008,
then again in 2009.
>>NOORY: Same craft?
>>DESOUZA: Same exact craft.
Same two occupants, apparently.
>>NOORY: They must
be having a field day
visiting good old Mother Earth.
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
And they're here for a reason.
Apparently, they
want to be seen.
And they want to be
observed for some reason.
>>NOORY: If they did
not want to be seen,
they could hide, couldn't they?
>>DESOUZA: Absolutely.
So the only reason they have
that see-through section
in that spaceship
is just because they
want to be observed.
>>NOORY: I've always
thought, John,
that this program was some
kind of educational program,
where they are slowly
trying to bring us along
in little stages.
So let's let them see the craft.
Let's let them see us.
Let's land.
Let's talk to them and
let's bring them along.
>>DESOUZA: I think you're
absolutely right, George.
I think that's what
we're looking at.
And the slow part of
the program is over.
It's over.
>>NOORY: It's done,
>>DESOUZA: It's done.
It's time.
We are approaching
a crescendo where
we are going to be
seeing not disclosure,
because disclosure is
supposedly from governments,
and that's not going to happen.
What we're coming
to right now is
revelation that is
going to be directly
from the alien
visitors themselves,
where they're done
bringing us along slowly.
And they are going to
reveal what they really are
and what they're really doing.
>>NOORY: Can you see, John,
how the ancients on this planet
would have confused things
like this with angels and gods?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, yeah.
Absolutely.
And I think that we
have different segments
of the population looking
at the same things
through different filters.
Some people use
religious filters.
scientific filters.
And others just use the filters
of their own common sense,
and they see what's
really going on here.
And that's how we
have to see these.
>>NOORY: And I understand more
and more when I see things like
this--
Erich von Daniken's theories
of the "Chariots of the Gods--"
where people could confuse them.
>>DESOUZA: Oh, Absolutely.
Because you see something that
exhibits higher technology
than yourself.
And you want to be able to
defer to it in some way.
And the way that
different people differ
is different ways.
>>NOORY: Is this case well
known among ufologists--
this Turkey case?
>>DESOUZA: Oh, yeah.
It's very well-known.
But again, it's difficult
for people to make that leap.
They need that leap of saying
this is what it purports to be.
This is real.
This is authentic.
We've got to stop putting off
the cynicism and the holding
back, telling what people
can really believe in.
Because this is what it
actually purports to be.
>>NOORY: Did they
scramble jets or anything
like that in Turkey?
>>DESOUZA: I don't
believe that they did.
Because this incident
was over so quickly.
That's what I believe.
And so whenever we do scramble
in the Western world--
whenever we scramble
jets after genuine UFOs,
it always ends up to
be a farce anyway.
>>NOORY: Right.
They never catch up.
The UFOs disappear.
>>DESOUZA: Either
they catch them or--
>>NOORY: Or they catch us.
>>DESOUZA: --they catch up.
And they do loop de
loops around our jets,
and over-unders,
and face to faces.
And it's pretty embarrassing
whenever it happens.
>>NOORY: What do
they want with us?
Are they taunting us?
>>DESOUZA: No, I believe that
they want connection with us.
That's why they're doing
the program that you said,
bringing us-- or what
they have been doing--
bringing us along
slowly, letting us
observe them, letting us
contact them, and be with them,
and bring us along slowly.
And so like I said, that
part is over already.
And so we're at a
new part right now.
>>NOORY: Might this craft
have been similar to what
happened at Roswell in 1947?
>>DESOUZA: It might be.
But I don't believe so.
Because what happened in
Roswell in 1947 was something--
I believe it was
a physical craft--
>>NOORY: That crashed.
>>DESOUZA: --that was crashed,
and that was actually planted
for purposes of
passing on technology--
>>NOORY: And bodies.
>>DESOUZA: --to us.
Yeah, and bodies as well.
And to make us believe
that alien visitors are
completely physical in nature.
>>NOORY: Now, these
look like to me
with what I could see
to be the alien grays.
>>DESOUZA: That's
what they appear.
>>NOORY: To you, too?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, that's
what they appear to be,
especially if you watch the
film under very high resolution.
They appear to be the classic
grays that we all think of.
And that's what they
want us to see, too.
So we have to bear
that in mind, also.
>>NOORY: And when they
disappeared-- when they
were gone, what did they do?
Blink away or just zoom off?
>>DESOUZA: Pretty
much blinked away.
>>NOORY: That's weird.
>>DESOUZA: It looks like a zoom.
But, really, they just
blinked out of there.
And, yeah, that is strange,
and it's not human technology.
>>NOORY: What does that tell you
about their propulsion system?
Or are they traveling
through dimensions?
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
I don't believe
there is propulsion.
It seems like what
they are doing is
traveling through dimensions.
They are achieving different
levels of existence that we
just cannot do.
>>NOORY: And they just
blink in and blink out?
>>DESOUZA: I believe this is
all a question of wormholes
and gateways, not
interstellar traveler.
I don't believe it's--
>>NOORY: Do you think
they're taking people, John?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, I do.
I believe they
are taking people.
>>NOORY: Through these wormholes
and they're not coming back?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, especially
because of the abduction
numbers we have
in this country--
>>NOORY: It's huge.
>>DESOUZA: --every year.
Yeah.
If you look at
FBI reports, which
are done every year
in this country,
there's an average
of 33,000 people--
>>NOORY: Who disappear.
>>DESOUZA: --who
disappear without a trace,
without blood splatters,
without any clues whatsoever.
And they're just gone.
And I think that that cannot
be explained by probabilities.
That can't be
explained physically.
>>NOORY: And they're
not murdered and hidden
away somewhere.
Not that many.
>>DESOUZA: Right.
These are not murders.
These are just disappearances.
Gone.
Completely gone.
>>NOORY: So what would you
tell a panel of ufologists
about something like this case?
>>DESOUZA: I would tell
them that we need--
now that the paradigm is
changing right now, where
the mainstream isn't allowed to
just bury these things anymore
the way that they have,
we need to bring back
a lot of these cases that
have such obvious authenticity
to them.
And we need to bring these back.
And we need to re-examine,
re-expose, and show them
to the public, and
tell them, this
is what you were lied to about.
And we need to
look at this again.
And we need to say,
hey, this is real.
This is very possibly
non-terrestrial alien visitors
reaching out to us.
And we need to respond.
>>NOORY: 2011-- there
was an incredible UFO
case in the Middle East
near the Temple Mount
I'll let you look at this
with us, John, and tell us,
what are we looking at here?
>>DESOUZA: You're
looking at a plasma.
>>NOORY: There it
is on the far right.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, that is
descending from the sky.
It's 1:00 in the morning
in Jerusalem, Israel.
And that is the Temple
Mount where it settles.
>>NOORY: It hovers
right above it, right?
>>DESOUZA: Exactly.
And it settles like--
it's rock-steady still.
It just stops there.
And it just holds.
It holds for a while,
then it gives off
an explosion of
energy that covers all
of Jerusalem for a millisecond.
>>NOORY: And what
we're looking at
is Jerusalem there
at the city, right?
>>DESOUZA: And it just
goes back up straight out--
>>NOORY: Gone.
>>DESOUZA: --into the night.
And this was on
January 11 in 2011.
>>NOORY: Now, there's
a bigger picture of it.
Look at it.
Look how huge that is.
>>DESOUZA: It's a plasma.
It's filled with light.
As a matter of fact, I like to
call UFOs plasmas, instead of
the old UFO.
>>NOORY: What did
people say about this?
>>DESOUZA: They said it was
real and they filmed it.
They filmed it from
many different angles.
Groups of tourists who were
up at 1:00 in the morning.
There goes the energy flash.
>>NOORY: Look at it.
Did you see that go?
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Just poof.
>>DESOUZA: There it goes.
And this video was taken by
a group of American tourists.
That's the Temple Mount.
There is the object descending.
>>NOORY: Stops, hovers.
>>DESOUZA: It's
filled with light.
And then it just
hangs there for a bit.
It gives of the
incredible flash of energy
that covers all of Jerusalem
for one millisecond
and then shoots straight up.
>>NOORY: This was witnessed
by a lot of people?
>>DESOUZA: Many, many people
that all filmed the same thing.
Here's four groups
of people that
filmed the same exact thing.
And these are the side
by sides of the videos.
>>NOORY: Gosh, I wonder
what these people thought.
>>DESOUZA: They screamed.
And they said they have arrived.
That's what I was
told that night.
They have arrived here in
Jerusalem at the Temple Mount.
>>NOORY: There was
a message here.
There had to have
been a message--
why they visited that spot.
There it goes.
>>DESOUZA: A flash straight up.
And, George, that night
in Jerusalem there was--
>>NOORY: Then another witness.
>>DESOUZA: --another--
yeah, there were many.
Now, interestingly, the night
this happened on January 11,
it was--
by the next day, all of
these videos were taken down.
They were all taken down
>>NOORY: Really?
How did we get these?
>>DESOUZA: YouTube.
Because the viral
nature of the internet.
>>NOORY: They already hit.
>>DESOUZA: They were
put back later on.
>>NOORY: They were dramatic.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah,
but at the time,
I was working with
an intelligence
group that had people in Israel
working on something else.
And those people stopped
their work when this happened.
And they all called us
back on the East Coast,
and they told us
they've arrived.
They're here.
They're in Jerusalem.
And you'll be seeing
all the videos.
And you guys are going to see
that the alien visitors have
arrived in Jerusalem.
>>NOORY: And we haven't had
any cases at the Temple Mount
since then, have we?
>>DESOUZA: No, but these
people in particular
said that there were
other vehicles that
arrived at other holy sites
around Jerusalem as well.
>>NOORY: In that time period?
>>DESOUZA: In the same time
period that same night.
That same night.
>>NOORY: There's a
message here somewhere.
>>DESOUZA: Right.
However, I was told that
the elite powers in control
have a squad of people,
that all they do
is take down genuine
incidences of the paranormal,
take it down and
replace it with fakes.
Because they're
trying to avoid what
happened when this
video first came out.
>>NOORY: So people would
say, oh, that's not real.
It's a fake.
>>DESOUZA: They replaced
the videos that we just saw.
They replaced them with
these fake looking, CGI
sort of red dots in the sky.
And so that the millions and
millions of people who went
to see Dome of the Rock UFO--
they all were confronted with
these fakes, these CGI fakes.
They say, OK, this isn't real.
And so the awakening
was stopped.
And that's what they want.
>>NOORY: Were these physical?
Were they plasma?
>>DESOUZA: I believe
that was a plasma.
I believe that
But it was intelligently
guided, and it was
a real vehicle of some sort.
>>NOORY: Clearly, it's
not a ball of lightning.
That's for sure.
>>DESOUZA: Right.
Absolutely.
It's not.
>>NOORY: John, so many things
are happening on this planet--
astounding things.
No wonder you keep
doing what you're doing.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah, because
the mainstream authorities
are holding the line.
They're holding the line, using
mainstream science, mainstream
media.
And they are holding the line
against us getting the football
into the end zone, which
is getting the real truth,
breaking down that
wall against the truth,
that they are holding
to make us believe
that we are living in this
false version of reality.
>>NOORY: What was the feedback
the next day after this?
>>DESOUZA: The feedback was,
what happened to the videos--
these videos we just watched?
They were all gone.
They had all disappeared.
And there were these weak,
fake versions put up.
Within 24 hours they
had been put up.
>>NOORY: Instantly.
>>DESOUZA: Instantly.
Amazing.
I mean, how much
resources do you
need to be able to do
something like that?
And yet, there were
all these fake videos
that were up instead under the
title, Dome of the Rock UFO.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable case.
Do you think there's
any connotation
behind their visitation?
Because the Middle
East is a tinderbox.
There's problems
there all the time.
Do you think the ETs were
trying to send us a message?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, I
think they're always
trying to send a message
in everything that they do.
>>NOORY: Stop
fighting or something.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
And there was a
rumor in Jerusalem
that night that the vehicle that
came to the Dome of the Rock
had actually delivered a baby,
if you want to get weird,
George--
>>NOORY: What do mean
delivered a baby?
>>DESOUZA: We have to consider
all data in intelligence work.
And there was data
that there were
rumors there had been a baby
in a bassinet delivered.
>>NOORY: Sounds a
little biblical to me.
>>DESOUZA: Yes, at the Dome
of the Rock that night.
>>NOORY: Where was the baby put?
>>DESOUZA: We don't know.
We were never able
to track it down.
We were never able to find it.
>>NOORY: Is it
the Second Coming?
>>DESOUZA: I don't
know what it was.
But no one was ever
able to find that baby.
But there were rumors,
raw data that people
said from the ground that
they had seen a baby delivered
by this vehicle.
>>NOORY: What do people
ask for from you,
John, when they talk to you
about some of these cases?
What do they want to know?
>>DESOUZA: What they want to
know is, what is real proof?
>>NOORY: That's a good question.
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
What is real proof?
Because that's all I am.
I'm not a scientist.
I'm not an engineer.
All I do is investigate.
That's all I've done.
I'm an investigator.
And so what I'm here
to always tell people
is that evidence and proof is
not what people think it is.
It doesn't mean something
you just put in a test tube,
and then you can
examine in a laboratory,
and that's what proof means.
That's not what it is.
I mean, how are
you supposed to--
how can you tell if something
is alien with its DNA
if you don't have alien
DNA to back it up against,
to compare it to?
You can't.
It's simple things like that--
people just don't know.
People think if you get a DNA
sample of something, then,
OK, we've got it.
We've got the proof.
You have nothing.
>>NOORY: When you look at
the cases we've just looked
at today with you--
the 6-inch mummy, the space
shuttle and the little objects
flying around, which you
say could be a mile long,
the Dome of the Rock situation
as well and so many others--
the little space people
that were peering
through the spacecraft--
what does this tell you?
What are you convinced
is happening?
You've got to be.
I'm sure you have a
conclusion by now.
>>DESOUZA: Yeah.
Is that we have
alien visitors who
are trying to reach
out to us all the time.
And we have this
opposing force--
irresistible opposing force--
>>NOORY: Here?
>>DESOUZA: --here of mainstream
authorities that are determined
to keep us from this knowledge,
even when it's right in front
of our eyes--
even when it's
completely obvious.
>>NOORY: They can't
hide this stuff.
>>DESOUZA: They cannot hide it.
All they can do is
falsify after the fact.
All they can do is--
>>NOORY: Falsify.
>>DESOUZA: --is mutter off
things like icicles, ice
debris, and nonsense like that.
And unfortunately, we're
still so culturally trained
that people still believe.
>>NOORY: I was
going to say that.
People would be
more apt to believe
what the government feeds them
than what you actually see.
>>DESOUZA: Yes, which is insane.
That is insanity.
Because these things are
reaching out for us every day.
They are being shown to us
right in front of our faces,
and yet, we are still
deferring to NASA
and government entities that are
just doing what they're told.
They are told to cover
this up, and so they just
follow the orders.
They follow orders.
That's all they do.
>>NOORY: Well, the
last couple cases--
the Dome of the Rock
video and the spaceship
with the little aliens
in there-- both of those
were compelling as all get up.
The one by the shuttle--
all right, I could
say are particles.
They got too close.
Maybe they aren't
a mile in diameter.
Maybe they're just up
front to the camera.
And then the little
6-inch mummy.
I don't know.
I don't know if it's a deformed
fetus, or a little person,
or a little occupant
from a little spaceship.
Who knows?
>>DESOUZA: We don't know.
But here's what we do know.
This is a major scandal the
way that they covered that up,
with the final conclusion on
the Atacama Desert 6-inch mummy.
>>NOORY: And they're still
covering it up, right?
>>DESOUZA: Because they're
still covering it up.
But not only that,
we're finding out now
that this has happened
all over the world.
The same script has been
followed by mainstream science
and laboratories to cover these.
It's because these
things-- these duendes--
these things--
>>NOORY: The little people.
>>DESOUZA: --the
little people are
being found all over the world.
We just had another
incident in Kyshtym, Russia.
>>NOORY: How small are they?
>>DESOUZA: Just in Russia
where this other mummy was
a foot tall.
It had a lot of the same
characteristics as the Atacama.
>>NOORY: The cranial like that?
>>DESOUZA: Yes.
And except-- it was even
weirder, a little more
reptilian looking.
And it was a 1-foot mummy.
>>NOORY: Did they have a tail?
>>DESOUZA: I don't believe so.
No.
But it had very much
a dozen anomalies that
made it different from human.
And it was about a
foot tall in an area
that had been rumored to have
these creatures running around
like duendes.
And this thing was forgotten.
It was DNA tested.
And the Russian
federal authorities--
the Russian
government authorities
all did the
preliminaries honestly.
They said this appears
to be non-human.
They said it's a male,
and it's not a fetus.
It's obviously not a fetus.
But then they did
the deep testing.
And they came up with this
whole cloth conclusion
that said, oh, it's just human.
No explanation
further than that.
It's a human.
It's insane-- the lengths to
which mainstream authorities
are going to keep us from
getting across that goal line.
>>NOORY: Are we going to get
the answers eventually, John,
with people like
you pounding away?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, we will as
long as we don't give up
and keep working these cases
with true investigators.
Not scientists, but
true investigators.
And we need to have
our own laboratories.
That also.
>>NOORY: Well, that's true, too.
But again, you're going to be
subject to compromise there.
Because people are going to
say that it's their laboratory.
We want an independent
laboratory to investigate this.
Can you find those?
>>DESOUZA: No, not under the
current system of peer review,
of grants, of endowments, of
where the scientific mainstream
is so controlled by the system
that they operate under.
There's no way they can be
honest about these topics.
>>NOORY: How can people
track your work, John?
How can they find you?
>>DESOUZA: People can always
find me on johntamabooks.com,
and also find me on my
Facebook, my YouTube channel
and also, I'm in partnership
with Gaia TV as well.
>>NOORY: Gaia loves you.
Will we get the answers to this?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, we will if
only through revelation,
which will come directly
from alien visitors to us.
>>NOORY: And you think this
visitation could happen when?
>>DESOUZA: I think it
could happen very soon.
>>NOORY: Can we handle it?
The people?
>>DESOUZA: Yes, we will.
Because it will
come directly to us,
we who are open to these things,
not to the White House lawn
or to Washington, DC.
It's going to come
directly to we
who are open to these realities
and who are already prepared.
Because like you
said, George, they've
been bringing us along
slowly for a long time.
>>NOORY: John, thanks
for being on the program.
>>DESOUZA: Thanks, George.
It's been great.
>>NOORY: You just witnessed
four incredible cases.
And there are many more
like that out there.
And we will get you
these answers eventually.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]